---
title: "Bummed"
date: 2024-05-14
tags: personal
---

Maybe writing this post will make me feel better.

Some time ago, I applied for acceptance into a PhD program in physics at the University of Washington. I love the subject and it's one of the few true passions that I have in my life.

I felt that I had good chances of getting in: 3.9 GPA, undergrad research at my own school and an REU at Caltech, great work experience, and some supposedly-stellar letters of recommendations. It took me months of revising my SOP and CV, writing emails, and so forth. I submitted my application, eagerly waiting for a response back. I received zero communication from the department until a generic rejection came:

> Dear so-and-so,
> 
> We've had a ton of applications this year, like every year,
> 
> and you're just not qualified for our school.
> 
> Please don't try again here,
> 
> UW

Perhaps a master's would have been a better choice. Perhaps I should've did research that better aligned with my interests. Perhaps I should've worked harder at reaching out to potential advisors.

_I'm just disappointed in myself._ To spend years of my life studying physics barely understanding a fraction of the intricacies of these niche fields---staying up to the late hours of the night truly attempting to understand _something_. And for what? It's been a couple years now and I've yet to find a use for this knowledge. Nowadays, the only use of this knowledge is better-understanding random articles on Wikipedia.

I'm just bummed that my journey in physics has ended.
