---
title: Giving up on physics
description: Just feeling lost after graduating, I suppose.
date: 2024-10-10
tags: life school
---

I've given up on pursuing physics as a career. 

I loved the coursework and love studying physics. But throughout my undergrad, I always felt a bit lost. Not lost in understanding the concepts, but rather lost in how to _use_ physics to further myself and my career. I never developed an interest in the many subfields of physics, but rather only had a broad interest in the elegance of it and the beauty of its maths. I loved electrodynamics (and QED to an extent). But it feels like there aren't many labs pursuing electrodynamics any more---it's old news.

I gained insight into conducting research through REUs and internships. But none of my assigned projects really sparked much interest however. It felt like PIs assign projects to students at random, and you just have to accept it. You can't say no to a PI, surely. So when the time came to do my undergrad thesis, I was arbitrarily assigned to studying quantum behavior despite not yet having courses in QM or statistical physics. And as I would've expected, I felt lost throughout the process. I put my best effort into these projects but they still felt so very inadequate. 

I tried damn hard during school and graduated summa cum laude in physics. I tried applying to grad school and found several profs to write letter of recommendations. Many gave me additional words of encouragement. But I was rejected despite this. I'll leave studying physics as a dream and nothing more. 

Sure, I could study physics as a hobby but it's really not the same as a structured education. There's no fellow students to work with. There's no support from faculty, no office hours. There's no difficult problems to work through. Instead it becomes a trudge and a burden, separating itself from a real hobby.

bah.
